doing this I'm bad at this woman's touch
I was up to like three in the morning oh
my like 315 for something I don't know
Dave's here give it to him he's the
actual judge I'm just a poser I rumen
now I don't think I should ever call my
own ever explode i got so I played shank
and then I play they're gonna be ya know
how about you meet shrank though he's a
good player kidding it's in this fellow
soldier and then I'll be honest it no
King Randor maybe 11 that's not ashley I
cuz I'm not pretty you're teasing about
this jersey number 9 30 Dave can we
invite her to our seems mrs. because he
wants a three-on-two kitten Thank You
Moshe yes I gave you an early on come on
well then we can give you the ocean on
back yes there are two got like a bunch
of actually if I find all my ocean
allianz attend wondrous Kevin Payne
protect keep all like get gift like keep
like give them all to us but more Wow
chief before I know you'll be honorary
team lizard this one you can just keep
whoa no he Nucky Nucky can you keep it
on his side okay oh wait a minute ing I
am seriously sittin on nothing Steve
this is bad I don't know that gori lai
yeah this is your first time running
lights porn search problem that helps I
think I should pay more attention to
this sarcoma nothing has happened yet
this has been pretty pitiful you see I
what I got Oh cheer up chin
get your first spot it's his first
finals every side of the camera and wave
wave out go ahead oh I think of her
didn't we get you I'm like a on that
dock of money yeah we know yeah
strongest viewing area sure this comes
next like I feel my plan to bring back
for them Steve where's your deck me if
you really got nothing dear god no some
more trade there we go yo Steve know how
many cards often grapher okay that was
illegal you can't count your back I
would know he D dr's his didn't work oh
gosh you can ddr some more yeah
you haven't taken anything to get more
so 24k 451 bust one way 39 + 34 hey 170
physical Island six o'clock 60 gram that
can be exactly getting necrophilia these
days where's your Chi killed only
washing my next turn where's your kiky
you stop nekros rubbish malli teachers
counselors drawers wiking all mine own
on her back I knew I had to get rid of
this before this plate did you just win
yeah Shane just one I wasn't even paying
attention i'm sorry i am also a smile
and wave there is good jerk cuz beat me
smile and wave I should wave now I'm
kidding try the handshake and see